feat: Cloud Run Service python and terraform docs (#29639)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/google_cloud/google_cloud_run.md

## Overview

> [Google Cloud Run][1] is a fully managed serverless platform for deploying and scaling container-based applications in Google Cloud. Datadog provides metrics and logs collection for these services through the [Google Cloud Integration][2]. This page describes the process of instrumenting your application code running in Google Cloud Run. lae only support Google Cloud Run Services, not Google Cloud Run Jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Google Cloud Run][1] is a fully managed serverless platform for deploying and scaling container-based applications in Google Cloud. Datadog provides metrics and logs collection for these services through the [Google Cloud Integration][2]. This page describes the process of instrumenting your application code running in Google Cloud Run. Datadog only supports Google Cloud Run Services, not Google Cloud Run Jobs.
```

> [Google Cloud Run][1] is a fully managed serverless platform for deploying and scaling container-based applications in Google Cloud. Datadog provides metrics and logs collection for these services through the [Google Cloud Integration][2]. This page describes the process of instrumenting your application code running in Google Cloud Run. Datadog only supports Google Cloud Run Services, not Google Cloud Run Jobs.

Author: will fix.

> [Google Cloud Run][1] is a fully managed serverless platform for deploying and scaling container-based applications in Google Cloud. Datadog provides metrics and logs collection for these services through the [Google Cloud Integration][2]. This page describes the process of instrumenting your application code running in Google Cloud Run. Datadog only supports Google Cloud Run Services, not Google Cloud Run Jobs.

Author: fixed

#### Dockerfile

> Your `Dockerfile` can look something like this. This creates a minmimal application container with metrics, traces, logs, and profiling. Note that the dockerfile needs to be built for the x86_64 architecture (use the `--platform linux/arm64` parameter for `docker build`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your `Dockerfile` can look something like this. This creates a minimal application container with metrics, traces, logs, and profiling. 

**Note**: The Dockerfile needs to be built for the x86_64 architecture (use the `--platform linux/arm64` parameter for `docker build`).
```

Set the `NODE_OPTIONS="--require dd-trace/init"` environment variable in your docker container to include the `dd-trace/init` module when the Node.js process starts.

> Application [Logs][4] need to be sent to a file that the sidecar container can access. The container setup is detailed [below](#containers). [Log and Trace Correlation][5] possible when logging is combined with the `dd-trace-js` library. The sidecar finds log files based on the `DD_SERVERLESS_LOG_PATH` environment variable, usually `/shared-logs/logs/*.log` which forwards all of the files ending in `.log` in the `/shared-logs/logs` directory. The application container needs the `DD_LOGS_INJECTION` environment variable to be set since it is using `NODE_OPTIONS` to actually start the tracer. If you do not use `NODE_OPTIONS`, call the `dd-trace` `init` method with the `logInjection: true` configuration parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application [logs][4] need to be sent to a file that the sidecar container can access. The container setup is detailed [below](#containers). [Log and trace correlation][5] is possible when logging is combined with the `dd-trace-js` library. The sidecar finds log files based on the `DD_SERVERLESS_LOG_PATH` environment variable, usually `/shared-logs/logs/*.log` which forwards all of the files ending in `.log` in the `/shared-logs/logs` directory. The application container needs the `DD_LOGS_INJECTION` environment variable to be set since it is using `NODE_OPTIONS` to actually start the tracer. If you do not use `NODE_OPTIONS`, call the `dd-trace` `init` method with the `logInjection: true` configuration parameter:
```

[1]: /tracing/trace_collection/automatic_instrumentation/dd_libraries/nodejs/#getting-started
[2]: /metrics/custom_metrics/dogstatsd_metrics_submission/#code-examples

> [3]: /profiler/enabling/nodejs?tab=environmentvariables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[3]: /profiler/enabling/nodejs/
```

[4]: /logs/log_collection/nodejs/?tab=winston30
[5]: /tracing/other_telemetry/connect_logs_and_traces/nodejs

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Python" %}}

> See the [Sample App][6] for an example of metrics, tracing, and logging in a python app. It includes a deploy script that uses terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Sample App][6] for an example of metrics, tracing, and logging in a Python app. It includes a deploy script that uses Terraform.
```

> The `dd-trace-py` library provides support for [Tracing][1]. The `datadog-py` library handles custom [Metrics][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `dd-trace-py` library provides support for [tracing][1]. The `datadog-py` library handles custom [metrics][3].
```

Wrap the application in `ddtrace-run` to automatically apply tracing instrumentation to the code.

> Application [Logs][4] need to be sent to a file that the sidecar container can access. The container setup is detailed [below](#containers). [Log and Trace Correlation][5] is not supported for Google Cloud Run services. The sidecar finds log files based on the `DD_SERVERLESS_LOG_PATH` environment variable, usually `/shared-logs/logs/*.log` which forwards all of the files ending in `.log` in the `/shared-logs/logs` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application [logs][4] need to be sent to a file that the sidecar container can access. The container setup is detailed [below](#containers). [Log and trace correlation][5] is not supported for Google Cloud Run services. The sidecar finds log files based on the `DD_SERVERLESS_LOG_PATH` environment variable, usually `/shared-logs/logs/*.log`, which forwards all of the files ending in `.log` in the `/shared-logs/logs` directory.
```

[1]: /tracing/trace_collection/automatic_instrumentation/dd_libraries/nodejs/#getting-started
[2]: /metrics/custom_metrics/dogstatsd_metrics_submission/#code-examples
[3]: /profiler/enabling/nodejs/
[4]: /logs/log_collection/nodejs/?tab=winston30
[5]: /tracing/other_telemetry/connect_logs_and_traces/nodejs

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Python" %}}
See the [Sample App][6] for an example of metrics, tracing, and logging in a Python app. It includes a deploy script that uses Terraform.

The `dd-trace-py` library provides support for [tracing][1]. The `datadog-py` library handles custom [metrics][3].

> Wrap the application in `ddtrace-run` to automatically apply tracing instrumentation to the code.

Reviewer 2: Can we add the Docker example, or at least `ddtrace-run python app.py` (there should be a way to also do this as an env var)

> Application [logs][4] need to be sent to a file that the sidecar container can access. The container setup is detailed [below](#containers). [Log and trace correlation][5] is not supported for Google Cloud Run services. The sidecar finds log files based on the `DD_SERVERLESS_LOG_PATH` environment variable, usually `/shared-logs/logs/*.log`, which forwards all of the files ending in `.log` in the `/shared-logs/logs` directory.

Reviewer 2: Same note here to split up the difference between logs and traces

Author: will do.

Author: done.

1. Click the **Variables & Secrets** tab and set the `DD_SERVICE` and `DD_LOGS_INJECTION` environment variables as you did for the sidecar.
1. Click the **Settings** tab and set the **Container start up order** to **Depends on** the sidecar container.
1. **Deploy** the application.

### Add a `service` label

> Add a `service` label which matches the `DD_SERVICE` value on the containers to the Google Cloud service. Access this through the service list, through the **Labels** button after selecting the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `service` label which matches the `DD_SERVICE` value on the containers to the Google Cloud service. Access this through the service list, by selecting the service and then clicking the **Labels** button.
```

1. Click the **Variables & Secrets** tab and set the `DD_SERVICE` and `DD_LOGS_INJECTION` environment variables as you did for the sidecar.
1. Click the **Settings** tab and set the **Container start up order** to **Depends on** the sidecar container.
1. **Deploy** the application.

### Add a `service` label

> Add a `service` label which matches the `DD_SERVICE` value on the containers to the Google Cloud service. Access this through the service list, by selecting the service and then clicking the **Labels** button.

Reviewer 2: add a link to google doc https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/configuring/services/labels

Author: will do.

Author: actually added it to the environment variables section. (this gcr ui stuff will be refactored again soon)

    - with some details.
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Terraform" %}}

> The [Python Sample App][1] includes an example of a terraform configuration. It is imporant to note that the `service` value needs to be set in a few different places, and the shared log volume needs to be wired up to both the application and the sidecar containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Python Sample App][1] includes an example of a Terraform configuration.

**Note**: The `service` value needs to be set in multiple locations, and the shared log volume needs to be connected to both the application and the sidecar containers.
```

    - with some details.
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Terraform" %}}
The [Python Sample App][1] includes an example of a Terraform configuration.

> **Note**: The `service` value needs to be set in multiple locations, and the shared log volume needs to be connected to both the application and the sidecar containers.

Reviewer 2: Just a quick question, do we not plan to keep the Terraform example here? If not, can we also include a link to the GCP Terraform docs here https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/cloud_run_v2_service

Author: we're not going to keep any terraform code here, only link to the sample apps. we're just calling out some of the key bits of the terraform configs. will link to the terraform docs as well.

Author: done.
